#560 Improve dataloaders (#2231)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: docs/guides/dataloaders.md

</Note>

> Refer the official dataloaders [specification](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader) for advance guide on dataloaders.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer the official dataloaders [specification](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader) for an advanced guide on dataloaders.

```
